serious in the locker room
man depends on the torrent that is said
is in a serious tone as it seems that it is
saying
Well, that could end badly
because logically it is clear that
we are talking about the best player in
world but being precisely in the
game of the world has to have the best
world behavior both outside
as in and above all much more
inside and above all to their
colleagues and especially for those who
they're starting because he when he started
and he has said many times that this role
I treat the child phenomenally well
people that ronaldinho when he starts
try as he is supposedly
treating the people who supposedly
supposedly but you have lengthened the
argument so that it gives a little bit the
feeling that you give a bit of a
certain credibility I give everything
but sorry is that it seems to me of a
extreme gravity because we are talking
of mistreatment
we are talking about ex and yes forgiveness of
mistreat mistreating yes if you have not
made a soccer field
I want just as I tell you one thing I
I do not know much about Messi but the little
I know him and people that I know
a lot and he knows him very well that is not a month
that is, that portrait he makes is
confidential it moves away absolutely from
the personality of messi neither speaks like that nor
he expresses himself this way nor does he know this tone
neither this kind of words nor this kind of
expressions like that I can tell you that
caused quite by not saying very
upset this news I have been able
talk to two people from the locker room a
player and a person from the locker room and
This itself is not very big thing is
that they will not give you pabulum nor will
give or will lengthen euphoria but only
you have to see what we have seen this
late has not treated family that is not a
juvenile me if this guy is capable of
treat as adapted to da vinci
on one occasion but on several occasions
in an official match seeing all the
world if you are able to deal in a
official party has had as it has
treated that they are going to tell us of what
can happen in workouts I'm not going
to consent
please everything up to what you see the
anger of the people
information denies the information
of the digital confidential 'deny the
information of a man is that it does not
it's messi that's not true that I think
you see on TV is messi
but what we see on television
putting the abrupt life
when we go to 180 revolutions we are
in tension
precious and covers despise it very
easy one reader is hired from a
person who can read lips and looks
what Messi said in the field of
it is very easy game first
secondly I do not see leo messi
being so wild in their schemes to the
private is that he is a quiet guy
humble enough respectful with people
educated, I find it hard to believe, I do not say
that is false what has
published 'the confidential digital' I say
I can not believe it
in any case with analyzing the
player's lips we could get out of
quite
Eduardo looks at these images and a moment
you think this is from a person
simple and good companion
the quotes women do not do not say this is
the game image
but on the pitch between two
team players do not emanate the
bronca Poser
I have not ever seen that indolence
that anger is a fight
for the row if it repeats two weeks
then it's also something else
when it is repeated for it it is also
normal wonder I was treated no other thing is
that I do not give, and I'm
saying that he told you I repeat it and
I 'm telling you now I'm saying and I'm
commenting on some images and words
that have come out of a story
supposedly if it is so badly done
Now I'll tell you again if that's done in
a wardrobe in a private environment that is
outside the pitch project what
that makes a game tone pisses off
discussions insults normal now in a
wardrobe and say it to bad milk that's
of bad kind for that to be or not
I have no idea to see each idea not
we have seen players at hernando del
neck to another
hitting and I hit 20 thousand times
explained many times and then with
companions
since everything is consumed punctually tve
but cable or whatever fernando
in those that are to stick with him
because it's not what I do not remember
but listen but there is a row
but a while back given to sticking three
pushes rules but at five
minutes of this initiative
by saying what he says what
allegedly says alexis with what they have
paid for you because it 's so bad it's a
wardrobe view never
many do not say things very very much that
they do a lot of damage they say things that are
they say things behind people's backs
as has also happened in some cases
of with messi because we can also
refresh the memory around the
differences that messi moved over
ibrahimovic and we know how that ended
when in the barcelona environment they are
those problems that at some point
had for example with marta that
They told here is something that I think
must solve the messi itself if you go
having problems with each player what
will have to solve you listen up
what a point that looks like a demon
Argentine but I feel myself
crying home every day according to
explanation you do not know what's wrong
tolerates jce that is the best that you do not
tolerates
but he is very serious about what is being
talking is talking about abuse in
a wardrobe towards a player against